Load Model Builder Data Updates (#25170)
dotnet/docs: docs/machine-learning/how-to-guides/load-data-model-builder.md

Model Builder limits the amount and type of data you can use for training models:

- SQL Server data: No size limit
- CSV and TSV files: No size limit

> - Images: PNG and JPG only.

Reviewer: Let's remove the limitations section since there aren't virtually any limitations. We can mention the fact that for files it only accepts TSV, CSV and semi-colon delimited files and for images only PNG and JPG are accepted.

- Issue classification (multiclass classification): Classify textual data into 3 or more categories.
- Price prediction (regression): Predict a numeric value.
- Image classification (deep learning): Categorize images based on characteristics.

> - Object detection (deep learning): Find objects within images. This can find one or more objects and label them accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's reword these to align with the names in the tool.

Issue classification -> text classification
Price prediction -> Value prediction

- Remove sentiment analysis
- Add recommendation

> - Custom scenario: Build custom scenarios from your data using regression, classification, and other tasks.

Reviewer: There's no custom scenario anymore. Let's remove this.

This article covers classification and regression scenarios with textual or numerical data, image classification, and object detection scenarios.

## Load text or numeric data from a file

> You can load text or numeric data from a file into Model Builder. It accepts comma-delimited (CSV) or tab-delimited (TSV) file formats.

Reviewer: In terms of file extensions, it supports CSV, TSV, and TXT. For delimiters, CSV,TSV and semicolons are accepted.

1. In the data step of Model Builder, select **File** as the data source type.
2. Select the **Browse** button next to the text box, and use File Explorer to browse and select the data file.
3. Choose a category in the **Column to Predict (Label)** dropdown.
4. Update the data in the **Advanced data options** link to set column settings or to update the data formatting.

You're done setting up your data source file for Model Builder. Click the **Next step** button to move to the next step in Model Builder.

## Load data from a SQL Server database

Model Builder supports loading data from local and remote SQL Server databases.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add an H3 here. 

### Local database file

To load data from a SQL Server database file into Module Builder:

1. In the data step of Model Builder, select **SQL Server** as the data source type.
1. Select the **Choose data source** button.
    1. In the **Choose Data Source** dialog, select **Microsoft SQL Server Database File**.
    1. Uncheck the **Always use this selection** checkbox and select **Continue**
    1. In the **Connection Properties** dialog, select **Browse** and select the downloaded .MDF file.
    1. Select **OK**
1. Choose the dataset name from the **Table Name** dropdown.
1. From the **Column to Predict (Label)** dropdown, choose the data category on which you want to make a prediction.
1. Update the data in the **Advanced data options** link to set column settings or to update the data formatting.

> 

Reviewer: Add an H3

### Remote database

            10791227_7168491604.jpg
```

## Set up object detection image data files

Model Builder expects object detection image data to be in JSON format generated from [VoTT](https://github.com/Microsoft/VoTT/releases). The JSON file is located in the **vott-json-export** folder in the **Target Location** that is specified in the project settings.

The JSON file consists of the following information generated from VoTT:

- All tags that were created
- The image file locations
- The image bounding box information
- The tag associated with the image

> For more information on preparing data for object detection, see [Generate object detection data from VoTT](./how-to-guides/generate-data-from-vott.md).

Reviewer: There seem to be issues with this link. Try merging this now. 

```suggestion
For more information on preparing data for object detection, see [Generate object detection data from VoTT](label-images-for-object-detection-using-vott.md).
```

            10791227_7168491604.jpg
```

## Set up object detection image data files

Model Builder expects object detection image data to be in JSON format generated from [VoTT](https://github.com/Microsoft/VoTT/releases). The JSON file is located in the **vott-json-export** folder in the **Target Location** that is specified in the project settings.

The JSON file consists of the following information generated from VoTT:

- All tags that were created
- The image file locations
- The image bounding box information
- The tag associated with the image

> 

Reviewer: Link to this section here too.

"For more information on preparing data for object detection, see [label images for object detection using VoTT](./label-images-for-object-detection-using-vott.md)
